Well one of the first things we wanted to do is find the frequencies of
the symbols and letters in the 340 cipher to see if maybe there was a
pattern to be found.  In order to help us find a pattern we decided to
try to use something that has already been solved which was his 408
cipher.  First we gave every symbol it’s on number to make it easier to
read.  This will also help when we plug it in to our program to find
the frequencies.  Next thing we did was another frequency test to see
if there was anything to be found. Since they figured out that it was a
substitution cipher we were hoping there would be some similarities
between the two ciphers.  One pattern I did find was there was a
certain pattern consistency with in his cipher.  There would be about 5
to 7 symbols that would have the same letter and would repeat its
pattern over and over.  For instance, it could go something like this:
B H T Y /. After it hit the slash it would start over B H T Y/, and
continue this pattern with all the other symbols in the cipher.
Unfortunately this did not work for the 340 cipher. Another direction
we took was to make a vocabulary made up of all his letters and
ciphers.  We made a program to find his most frequent words used in his
previous writings.  This along with some of the most frequent words
used in the english language were going to be our vocabulary to finding
out what he could possibly be saying in the 340 cipher.